test_runner: add global setup and teardown functionality (#57438)
nodejs/node: doc/api/cli.md

Configures the test runner to exit the process once all known tests have
finished executing even if the event loop would otherwise remain active.

### `--test-global-setup=module`

<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

> Stability: 1 - Experimental

Specify a module that will be run before all tests are executed and can be used to setup global state or fixtures for tests. This module should export either:

* A `globalSetup` function which runs once before all tests start
* A `globalTeardown` function which runs once after all tests complete
* Or both functions

> ```js
> // setup-module.js
> async function globalSetup() {
>   // Setup shared resources, state, or environment
>   console.log('Global setup executed');
>   // Run servers, create files, prepare databases, etc.
> }
> 
> async function globalTeardown() {
>   // Clean up resources, state, or environment
>   console.log('Global teardown executed');
>   // Close servers, remove files, disconnect from databases, etc.
> }
> 
> module.exports = { globalSetup, globalTeardown };
> ```
> 
> If the module is an ESM module, the functions should be exported using named exports:
> 
> ```mjs
> // setup-module.mjs
> export async function globalSetup() {
>   // Setup code here
> }
> 
> export async function globalTeardown() {
>   // Teardown code here
> }
> ```

Reviewer: Why not: (the docs would show it as one code block with a toggle of cjs/mjs)
````suggestion
```cjs
// setup-module.js
async function globalSetup() {
  // Setup shared resources, state, or environment
  console.log('Global setup executed');
  // Run servers, create files, prepare databases, etc.
}

async function globalTeardown() {
  // Clean up resources, state, or environment
  console.log('Global teardown executed');
  // Close servers, remove files, disconnect from databases, etc.
}

module.exports = { globalSetup, globalTeardown };
```

```mjs
// setup-module.mjs
export async function globalSetup() {
  // Setup shared resources, state, or environment
  console.log('Global setup executed');
  // Run servers, create files, prepare databases, etc.
}

export async function globalTeardown() {
  // Clean up resources, state, or environment
  console.log('Global teardown executed');
  // Close servers, remove files, disconnect from databases, etc.
}
```
````

Author: I didn't know about this "trick", thanks for the advice!!!

Author: done!

Author: @atlowChemi could I please ask you a quick review?

Reviewer: @pmarchini I think it still requires some change.
One section should have `cjs` while the other has `mjs`, and the content should be identical, other than the different import/export systems.
AFAICT - that is not the current state

Author: it should be ok now!

Configures the test runner to exit the process once all known tests have
finished executing even if the event loop would otherwise remain active.

### `--test-global-setup=module`

<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

> > Stability: 1 - Experimental

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Stability: 1.0 - Early development
```

https://nodejs.org/api/documentation.html

> Specify a module that will be run before all tests are executed and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Specify a module that will be evaluated before all tests are executed and
```

I mean the `globalTeardown` will be run after, so I'm not sure (I'm also not sure evaluated is correct)

can be used to setup global state or fixtures for tests.

> This module should export either:
> 
> * A `globalSetup` function which runs once before all tests start
> * A `globalTeardown` function which runs once after all tests complete
> * Or both functions

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This module can export:

* A `globalSetup` function which runs once before all tests start
* A `globalTeardown` function which runs once after all tests complete
```
